docs: minor wording & formatting tweaks (#24349)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/2.guide/3.going-further/3.modules.md

However, **we do not recommend** using this low-level function definition. Instead, to define a module, **we recommend** using the object-syntax with `meta` property to identify your module, especially when publishing to npm.

> This helper makes writing Nuxt Module more straightforward by implementing many common patterns seen in modules, guaranteeing future compatibility, improving the experience for both module authors and users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This helper makes writing Nuxt modules more straightforward by implementing many common patterns needed by modules, guaranteeing future compatibility and improving the experience for both module authors and users.
```
